W 14089647 streamline tuts ga v2 duke (#173)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/create-xml-snippets.adoc

== Add User Snippets to Your IDE

> Define user snippets for Transform (`<ee:transform/>`) and other components in the `mule-xml.json` file. Snippets are helpful for getting started component configurations that are not built in and available across your Mule projects. You can configure snippets for connector operations, Core processors, and other processors in the XML configuration file for your Mule applications.  

Author: ```suggestion
Define user snippets for Transform (`<ee:transform/>`) and other components in the `mule-xml.json` file. User snippets help you get started with component configurations that are not built in. The snippets you create are available across your Mule projects. You can configure snippets for connector operations, Core processors, and other processors in the XML configuration file for your Mule applications.  
```
